[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
Piccolo and Krillin safely
evacuated Trunks and Goten,
Earth's last remaining
beacons of hope,
and brought them to the Lookout.
You felt that, too, huh?
Hey.
[NARRATOR]
Upon arriving at the Lookout,
Goku informed Piccolo
and the others
of a technique that might just
allow them to defeat Majin Buu.
No, I mean
we could use Fusion.
Are you serious?
A real Fusion?
Basically, it's a
combination technique
where two fighters
in similar size and power
can merge their bodies together.
Okay, you just lost me.
Once the two
fighters are combined,
they become
a new person entirely,
and with control over
incredible powers.
Powers they could never
even dream of possessing
if they remained separate.
[KRILLIN] We've got a shot!
Heck, we've got a great chance
with those kids!
They could easily do it!
We finally have
a reason to be hopeful.
♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR]
"Found! A Faint Ray of Hope.
Awaken, Warriors!"
Come on, is this
whole thing for real?
You may be cute, honey,
but the negativity
is a major turn off.
It's no joke. You don't wanna
miss one minute of this.
It's better than anything
you'll ever see on TV.
Sorry, it's just
a bit hard to swallow.
A dragon's supposed to
hatch outta those balls?
Hey, you know the words
you're supposed to say
to summon Shenron, right?
Of course. Won't be
having any mishaps
like that time with Frieza.
Good, Bulma. Then just
cast that spell,
and bring home the bacon!
[hollers]
Really? Pork humor!
I'm standing
right here, you guys!
Show some respect! Animals!
There's a magic spell, too?
Wow. My mind is blowing.
Sweetie! I don't
mean to be pushy
but you should get
this show on the road.
Shenron'll have
his hands full bringing
all those people back
after what your husband did.
I'm about to, Dad.
Come forth, Shenron.
We summon you
to grant our wishes!
[rumbling thunder]
[gasps]
[KRILLIN] Sounds good!
I'll go get everyone else
--and bring 'em back here.
--[PICCOLO] Quickly!
[ALL gasp]
Huh? Got dark
all of a sudden.
Can't be.
[DENDE breathes heavily]
Is Shenron appearing?
But why now?
Bulma's the only one
who could have possibly
have gathered all
the Dragon Balls, right?
And she has no idea
what's goin' on yet.
So why would she
summon Shenron?
[gasps]
Vegeta went nuts and
massacred a whole lot of people
at the tournament grounds
this morning.
I bet those guys are trying to
bring them all back to life!
Oh no,
this really isn't good!
If the others use up
all three of the wishes now,
it'll be another year
before we can try again!
[ALL gasp]
[GOKU] Okay. I'll go
stop them right away.
Damn. I can't locate
Bulma and the others' energy!
Ah! I got it!
[ALL gasp]
That's unreal!
I will grant
you three wishes.
Speak that I may
return to my slumber.
Am I dreaming, or did
that dragon just talk?
[SHENRON]
Speak your first wish.
[BULMA] I'm not sure
how to phrase this but--
[YAMCHA]
Let me handle it.
Please resurrect
everyone who died today.
Oh, except for
the really bad people!
That should cover it, right?
I think so.
Very well. I have
heard your first wish,
and it shall now be granted.
[CROWD murmurs]
[gasps]
Speak your second wish
so that I may fulfill it.
Oh, no! Second wish?
That means I'm too late!
--Whoa, Goku!
--You're here!
Goku, I was wondering
when you'd-- Hey!
Where's Gohan? And Goten?
Look, now really
isn't a good time.
We'll talk later, okay?
Dende. Can you hear me?
--[DENDE] Yes.
--I got here too late.
By the time I showed up,
Shenron had already
granted them a wish,
but only one so far.
What should we do now?
Well, could be worse.
Please well him to forget about
the remaining two wishes,
at least for the moment.
If they've only used one,
then we can summon him again
in four months to use the rest.
[GOKU]
Really? Okay.
Oh, and one more thing.
It looks like all our
families have gathered here,
so could you tell Krillin that
I'll bring them back with me?
[DENDE] Of course.
I'll pass that along.
Thanks. We won't be needing
any more wishes today.
But thanks for
your help, Shenron!
Until next time, buddy!
If that is all,
I bid you farewell.
Goku, what was
all that business about?
What on Earth is going on
that's got you so worked up?
[BABIDI]
Well, that certainly was odd.
One moment everything
goes dark and the next,
the light shines again.
[chuckles] It makes no
difference to us I suppose.
Majin Buu, I think it's
time we got serious.
[laughs intensely]
[gasps]
[KIBITO] There's no question,
I should have been
killed by Dabura's attack.
Have I been resurrected?
It's a miracle.
[KIBITO] Supreme Kai.
Are you all right?
Ah, yes.
He's still alive!
[SUPREME KAI pants]
Gohan is out there
and he's still alive.
He's still, still alive.
[groans]
[gasps, sighs]
[gasps]
Yes! I've found you
at last, sir!
Supreme Kai,
are you all right?
Please, wake up!
[SUPREME KAI groans]
Thank goodness.
I'm not too late.
Good to have you back.
What? Kibito?
But, how are you here?
I thought you'd been killed
by Dabura for sure!
[KIBITO chuckles]
[GOKU]
So, that's that.
Now you're all coming back
to the Lookout with me.
Krillin and the others are
waiting for us up there.
Sounds like a plan.
And when four months are up,
I'll head out and track down
the Dragon Balls again
so we can make another wish.
Yeah. I'm sure you will.
Okay, guys.
Everyone hold onto me.
We're doing an
Instant Transmission.
[VIDEL] Do I really
live in a world
where stuff like this happens?
This has to be a dream, right?
[BULMA] Mom, Dad,
what are you waiting for?
Hurry up and grab my hand.
[BOTH chuckle lightly]
Oh, we couldn't possibly bear
to leave our animals behind.
So we're just gonna
stick around here, sweetie.
What are you
talking about? That's crazy!
Given everything
that's going on,
your safety's more important
than looking after your pets!
Tell him, Mom!
Honey, if we do
happen to get wiped out
by this Majin Buu person,
you can always bring us back
in a couple months
when you find those
Dragon Balls thingies.
We're staying right here
with our little ones.
Don't do this!
--Goku?
--Bulma, we need you with us
so you can search for the
Dragon Balls when it's time.
Oh, Videl, don't tell me
you're staying behind, too?
[VIDEL] Ah! No, I'm coming!
Don't leave without me!
[hollers, sighs]
All right.
Hold tight. Let's go!
[BULMA'S MOM] Come now.
It's time to give
the babies their din-din.
[DR. BRIEFS]
Yes, dear.
[SUPREME KAI]
But I don't understand!
You should be dead!
[KIBITO] Yes, sir. It's a
mystery to me, as well,
how I managed to survive.
[gasps]
I almost forgot.
Hurry, Kibito!
Gohan is in danger!
Under no circumstances
can we allow Gohan to die!
Understood!
[BABIDI yells]
[CROWD gasps]
Hey, pal, this look like
a crosswalk to you?
Get outta the way
'fore someone runs you over!
Buu hear enough
from your mouth. Bye-bye!
Are you leavin'?
--[CROWD gasps]
--[MAN 32A yells]
[chuckles]
You rude to Buu.
[yells]
Squeeze!
Hey! Hey, where do you
think you're going?
--[CROWD yells]
--[BABIDI] Hey! Hey, Buu!
[WAITRESS 32A, 32B yell]
[PATRONS scream]
[BUU]
Hmm. Mhmmm!
[chuckles]
[WAITRESS 32A, 32B shriek]
[BUU]
Mhmm!
Majin Buu! Quit fooling
around! Time to go!
Buu still want more yum-yums.
[BAKERS gasp]
[BAKER 32A]
What are you doing here?
[groans]
[BAKERS yell]
Come. Surely you've
had enough by now,
you gluttonous lug! Let's go!
Buu tummy not full yet.
[BABIDI grunts]
Hey. Wait a minute!
What are you--?
[groans]
Get off of my cape,
you ill-mannered wench!
If anyone's ill-mannered,
it's you, creep!
[grunts] You did not
just call me that!
You're paying for
the cakes your friend ate.
Not to mention the
sliding door, the wall,
the display case, and all the
other damage he caused!
Until you do,
I'm not letting you go!
Miss, it seems you are
woefully ignorant
as to who exactly I am.
Got that right.
You and the rest of
your planet will find out
soon enough, but I'll
introduce myself anyway.
You see, whether or not
this miserable world
that you so pointlessly
inhabit is allowed to continue
depends entirely on my whim.
For I am the great and
all-powerful Wizard Babidi!
I don't care if you're
a wizard, a lizard,
or a chicken gizzard.
You're still gonna
have to pay up, pal.
--You get me?
--[BABIDI yells]
You insolent woman!
Paparapapa!
[groans]
She disappeared!
Do you want to be
disappeared, too?
Uhn-uh.
[WAITRESS 32B] Please, someone!
Get me down from here!
[POLICE CAPTAIN 32A]
We have you surrounded.
There's no point
trying to resist.
Come out with your hands up.
Majin Buu, is your
appetite not sated yet?
[muffled] Cake super yummy,
but it no fill Buu up.
More Buu eat, more Buu want.
Buu want more and more cake.
[BABIDI] Well, all those sweets
are going to give you a cavity.
Finish or I'll
put you in your ball.
[BUU]
Huh?
Hm.
[chuckles]
[POLICEMAN 32A]
Don't move!
[POLICEMAN 32B]
You're under arrest
for destruction of property.
Come with us. Eeh!
[BUU]
Hm?
[inhales, blows]
[groans]
[BUU]
Aaah... oooh!
[POLICEMEN yell]
Cake. Buu need more cake.
There'll be
time for that later.
For now, we're about to
make that green fool
and those two
little runts suffer
for challenging us
back there in the desert.
[laughs]
Keep watching, folks. Oh, yes.
You're gonna be seeing a real
spectacle here soon enough!
Kibito. You sense that?
It must be the colossal amount
of power Majin Buu is exuding.
Yes, of course.
Frankly, it fills me with
an immense feeling of dread.
If he continues
his rampage of terror,
gone will be the days
of peace and tranquility
for all living creatures
in the universe.
The worst-case scenario
that we've long feared
is finally becoming
a gruesome reality.
It's not necessarily
as hopeless as all that.
I'm beginning to sense
the smallest ray of light
off in the distance.
Huh. I see.
And does your optimism
have something to do
with Gohan, by chance?
It does. His power
is already far greater
than we imagined,
and it has the potential
to transform into something
more extraordinary,
even surpassing Majin Buu's.
[KIBITO]
Stronger than Buu?
Surely you can't
be serious, sir.
[SUPREME KAI] I understand
it's difficult to fathom.
You didn't see how amazing
those three Saiyans were.
Huh?
We've gotta find him soon!
Gohan's energy is growing
weaker by the minute,
but I can sense it
coming from those woods.
It's emanating from
somewhere close.
There he is, over there!
He's holding on. Barely.
But his condition's as critical
as yours was earlier, sir.
[sighs]
Then there's hope.
Not yet. Hold off
on restoring Gohan's power
until after we've arrived
on the World of the Kais.
Sir, you mean--
You honestly intend to allow
a mere mortal to set foot inside
the hallowed World of the Kais?
That revered sanctuary
which not even
the Grand Kai himself
is permitted to enter?
Yes, that's correct.
Now, let's get going!
[KIBITO]
Yes, sir!
[SUPREME KAI]
Kai-Kai!
[KRILLIN] Hey, wait. Bulma,
where's your mom and dad?
[BULMA] They said
they couldn't bear to leave
their animals behind,
and then casually pointed out
that if they are killed,
we could just wish them
back to life
with the Dragon Balls.
That sounds like
your parents, all right.
Well, I suppose.
It's too bad we don't
have any idea
where Tien and Chiaotzu are
or we could've gotten
those guys here, too.
Oh, forget about them.
Why aren't
Gohan and Goten here?
[shrieks]
And what about Trunks?
And Vegeta?
[shrieks]
Hey. What's going on?
[ALL gasp]
Uh, Goku?
There's no
easy way to put this,
so I'll just come right out
and say it, all right?
[CHICHI, BULMA]
Huh?
Goten and Trunks are safe
inside the Lookout,
but Gohan and Vegeta are dead.
[gasps]
They were taken
from us by Majin Buu.
[CHICHI]
Not Gohan.
No! Chichi!
Gohan. He can't
be dead. He can't be!
Oh, Vegeta.
[wails]
Oh, why?
Bulma. We'll be here
for you. Okay?
--[OX KING] What do I do?
--[GOKU] Chichi!
[BULMA sobbing]
No!
Chichi!
He-- He can't be.
I can't accept that.
Goku, this is a fine mess we
find ourselves in, isn't it?
Korin, you're here!
I couldn't just
sit around doing nothing
at a time like this.
Goku, this foe
is beyond anything
you've ever fought before,
and that's including
Frieza and Cell.
We're dealing with pure evil.
Destruction is his only goal.
It's time.
The Fusion can't wait.
Yeah, you're right.
[BABIDI]
Greetings, people of Earth.
You should all be hearing my
voice now, loud and clear.
Stop what you're doing,
if you don't mind.
It's time we had a chat.
[laughs]
Oh, you can look around all
you want; you won't find me.
I'm speaking directly into each
and every one of your brains.
Using the power
of magic, of course.
[NARRATOR]
Babidi is bent on retaliation.
And it seems he wants the
entire world to bear witness.
What terror will
he visit upon Earth?
Goku believes
the only way to stop him
lies with these two
sleeping boys.
His last hope awakens,
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
I'd better hurry up
and start teaching
those boys about Fusion.
Huh? You hear that voice?
[BABIDI] People of Earth,
I'm looking for
a particular pack of pests
who've made things
rather unpleasant for me.
And if they refuse
to come forward,
it will spell big trouble
for the rest of you.
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
"Find the Nuisances.
Babidi's Retaliation Begins!"
[GOHAN] Babidi. I'll make
sure you pay for this!